Good afternoon Hello From Ukraine, the
city of Khmelnitsky I would
at the moment be from Krasnoyarsk in general from
Kramatorsk, but how are you a citizen of
Ukraine Russia,
who am I Russia, well, who are you a citizen of which
country and already Russia Russia Here you
support the
war against Ukraine, which now has the
inclusion of part of the territory  Ukraine, the
composition of Russia,
I’m kind of against the war in general, but since it
happened, how do you do it all,
look, you have to clean it up a
little, look how very interesting it is for
me, I watched yesterday like Putin announced the
entry of the Donetsk Lugansk region of
Zaporozhye and Kherson into the
Russian Federation
and today the
Ukrainian troops have finished giving
stars to the Russian troops in the city of
Liman and the city of Liman officially left
the Russian Federation how did it happen how did you
evaluate it
so it didn’t work out These are your fakes just
How are you Well, maybe today you heard
This but tomorrow you will look at yours
The Ministry of Defense stated that the
izliman had withdrawn; it did not declare t
we didn’t have such a statement Look
, I already have, I looked at the Ministry, this is
not so from your channels, your Ministry of
Defense
had to withdraw so that there was no
encirclement, it
turns out that it can’t be Look,
I’ll check, of course it can’t work
somehow, you know that Russia declared
territories  now Ukraine is already the
official territories of Russia, it
turns out how it is, so
what is happening, you heard,
and while you are concentrating all your forces
there, maybe you are pushing somewhere there,
maybe, but I know that
When you wanted to push very hard,
maybe  it turned out your words Well,
of course, I haven’t heard this yet, but
even if it’s
understandable, people who are still
mobilized, they are still there In practice,
they haven’t pulled themselves up to training yet,
and there may be few people
Maybe you pushed through, I don’t know, I won’t
argue Where did they go  all these contract soldiers
who
needed to pull up the
territory, the territory was big,
there weren’t many people there at all  in fact,
how many
more than a million people in the Russian army are
not non-personnel personnel, those who
serve on a permanent basis
where did they share the information?
just add three percent
Well, look Why, instead of
just adding another 3 percent of personnel,
why then they take mobilizes people who have not been trained at all,
if there
are, they take everyone who was in hot spots
What do 97 percent of personnel do
further there, they serve somewhere, they are trained, That
is, it turns out They are somewhere  then they serve I’m
big, yes They serve, but for military
operations they never remove
professionals who also participated
in hostilities And those that are now a
regular army, they are not professionals
who were specialists, even let’s say
Well, let’s say two years ago a person
served there Yes,
you said that they threw three into Ukraine
percent of everything means 97 percent of the
army e
Why don't they throw another 10 percent? in short, yours is your fakes, not your guys say your people have been talking for two weeks just like you say, look why, I can’t understand if Russia is such a powerful country, the army came bursting in from all sides into Ukraine it turned out to be the Kyiv region Why did they leave Because they entered [music] was destroyed at the airfield [music] nuclear In short, like a bomb with weapons and they wanted to hit Rostov again once again dirty Bomb again Maria wanted to load a nuclear bomb into it in order to throw it already loaded it was already ready And your paratroopers died our paratroopers arrived just got the stuffing and took it away somewhere in Russia And why didn’t they show it look crests wanted to throw a secret I’ll urinate to you better go now  I want to warm up here
and engage in such fables. So, it would be
better if Jennifer would help his wife with the
child. So, how to rock a child together
or how do you imagine it, you can
shake it, so I’ll just look at you so
imposingly so
Krasnoyarsk,
I understood, I understood your
three percent  moreover, we mean
only three percent of the Russian
military personnel were thrown into Ukraine, so
they rake there, yes, but 97 percent
plus
such a chaps they all rake
97 percent of the
territory, you know,
and more military where, where, where, Ukraine
or the Donetsk Luhansk Republic I
just can’t understand  here is Russia so a
huge number
Wait Russia 14 years Let
's evade now look
we will get to that I don’t look you
say that you threw only three percent
That is, it turns out 97 percent of the soldiers
are watching how they kill your guys just
crumble raise
percent watching Putin did not give the command
to  it's just why that is they
watch because
oh they kill your people there uh expelled from the Kyiv region why there were also nuclear sums [ __ ] must [ __ ] Ukraine happened shorter I studied poorly Then go and study Correctly Because here are the arguments argument Of course people have lived in Ukraine for centuries for a long time do not know up to the amount is [music ] and like Khokhl now I’ll tell you to go out and in short just be stupid so Maria stern it’s just that we completed the task there was Maria we took this nuclear charge from her it’s Maria that’s like this imagine the Ukrainians would be enough to throw a nuclear bomb on Russia transport or so in short it’s just that you can’t directly name the Russians here, we succeeded. We already captured there in short Liman didn’t hear in short and so on in Ukraine 3,500 to the Russian army. Yes, you see 35 of the Russian army, up to a part had to be shorter so that 203,500 of Ukraine taken there virtual so virtual in their power Russia is already starting to ruin so in Russia the already rich people of Bach are still Putin's Empire  living out their days
Ukraine Russia
territories back the
task of the territory is also you will eat up
before
they did like with a full company of Laina so
it seemed the opinion we moved there from these
areas because blah blah so now the
baths are sitting just all attachments
because their points of the zone meets the official
territories go to establish the Russian
Federation
Slava Ukraine 3 subscribe to the channel
put likes
can see the
market channel donat